- [Instructor] Okay, thank you, guys,
for joining in for this course.
We have had a look at all the basic servlet JSP components.
We have seen how to write servlets,
how to configure listeners, filters, how to do
session management; and how do you write all the code
on a JSP page, and how do you make it maintainable.
After this, you should be in a position
to build a basic web application in any of the other
domains like healthcare, financial services, et cetera.
Moreover, if in your live industry project,
if you're working on any MVC framework like Struts,
Spring MVC, JSF, this course is definitely
going to be a lot more of help to you.
Feel free to follow me on my blog link in the meantime,
and then I'll see you guys next time.